[storybook] metecho tasks table (#734)
oddbird/Metecho: src/stories/tasks/TasksTable.stories.mdx

import { Meta, Story } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';

<Meta title="Tasks/Table/Intro" />

# TasksTable

**Shows a list of tasks within an epic.**

## Overview

The **TasksTable** component is an
[SLDS DataTable](https://react.lightningdesignsystem.com/components/data-tables/)
that shows a list of **Tasks** and their respective current statuses within an
epic.

<Story id="tasks-table-component--component" />

## Sub-components

### Columns & Cells

**Tasks**

A description of the **Task** that links to its details page.

**Status**

Displays the **Task**'s status as `Planned`, `In Progress`, `Complete`,
`Changes Requested`, or `Approved`.

> 

Reviewer: @stacyk Yeah, I think that'd be good to mention. If an "In Progress" Task has a valid review (that is, a review was submitted and no new commits have been made since then), then it is either "Changes Requested" or "Approved". Otherwise we display the task status.

> 

Author: How's this? @jgerigmeyer @stacyk 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41588129/106164587-6c94bc00-618a-11eb-834b-b32333d14461.png)

> 

Reviewer 2: @dvdherron I wonder if this sounds like you will see different status' based on your role. Wordsmith/format as you see fit:

- Tasks are marked as `Planned` if there have not been any retrieved (that word sounds weird in this context) changes, or commits to the task.
- Once the task has at least 1 retrieved change it will display a status of `In Progress`.
- After the task has been submitted for testing, and the tester responds, the status becomes either `Changes Requested` or `Approved` depending on their feedback.
- Once all changes have been made and accepted (the branch can be merged?) the status becomes `Complete`. 

@jgerigmeyer can you confirm this last one (or any)?

> 

Reviewer: @stacyk @dvdherron That's close. Here's the logic:

- A task is "Planned" until a scratch org has been created, then it becomes "In Progress"
- It remains "In Progress" until a tester submits review, at which point it becomes "Changes Requested" or "Approved"
- If changes are made/retrieved (even after review), it goes back to "In Progress"
- Once the task PR has been merged on GitHub, it becomes "Complete"

> 

Author: Remixed what you wrote about order and how statuses change, @jgerigmeyer . Have another look to make sure this is clear, @stacyk.

> 

Reviewer 2: @dvdherron This is great! Thanks for adding that clarity.

# TasksTable

**Shows a list of tasks within an Epic.**

## Overview

The **TasksTable** component is an
[SLDS DataTable](https://react.lightningdesignsystem.com/components/data-tables/)
that shows a list of **Tasks** and their respective current statuses within an
**Epic**.

**Tasks** are shown in the order of three status categories:

> 1. `In Progress` which includes `Approved` and `Changes Requested`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. `In Progress`, `Approved`, or `Changes Requested`
```

2. `Planned`
3. `Complete`

> Within the three categories, sorting is alphabetical by **Task** name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Within the three categories, sorting is alphabetical by **Task** `name`.
```

**Status**

Displays the **Task**'s status based on the work of the `Developer` and the
`Tester`.

- A **Task** begins with a status of `Planned` until a `Scratch Org` has been
  created, which updates the status to `In Progress`.
- It remains `In Progress` until a `Tester` submits a review, at which point the
  status becomes `Changes Requested` or `Approved`.

> - If changes are made or retrieved (even after review), it goes back to
>   `In Progress` and will be updated once another review from the `Tester` is
>   submitted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If changes are retrieved and a commit is made after review, it becomes
  `In Progress` until another review from the `Tester` is submitted.
```

Author: @jgerigmeyer all of these edits have been made

> - The review status is only shown if the review was submitted on the _most
>   recent commit_ of the **Task** branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The review status is only shown if the review was submitted on the _most
  recent commit_ of the **Task** branch. Otherwise it is `In Progress`.
```
